[OTA] Update matter-devices.xml for OTA devices, update README for the OTA Requestor (#13718)
project-chip/connectedhomeip: examples/ota-requestor-app/efr32/README.md

The EFR32 OTA Requestor example provides a baseline demonstration the Matter OTA
Requestor functionality built with the Silicon Labs gecko SDK. It can be

> controlled by a Chip controller over Open thread network..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
controlled by a Chip controller over OpenThread network.
```

Author: Fixed
